Project span is 15 days Day 15: I looked for my paired Partner and did some minial planning Day 14: Thu 02 Nov 2023 10:24:06 EAT This was what I studied: Who designed and implemented the original Unix operating system? Ken Thompson and Dennis Ritchie. in 1969. Who wrote the first version of the UNIX shell? Ken Thompson wrote the first version of UNIX shell. Who invented the B programming language (the direct predecessor to the C programming language)? Ken Thompson invented the B language Who is Ken Thompson? Ken Thompson is an American Jewish sceintist who's contribution to Computer Science later brings great Change and results in Worked at Bell Labs with the Greatest men of His time to build things such as C, B, Unix among others. Did some studying on How Binary files and executables are processed and it's quite an interst
etc - everything to configure or [/home /bin /boot /lib /root] among which the files for the shell exist RUN THIS COMMAND 'cat /etc/shells' where the bash shell resides Because the binary file or executable is in system dir to execute the program just requires it's name even when the program is a script without requiring the arbitral './'

All commands are programs and when written in the shell as input, The shell expands them by searching the reside of the programs using $PATH ls, l, mkdir, cat, tee, sed e.t.c

Linus is here Day 12: We delved deeper into learning with Mr Linus remaekably humble Spirit and surely his going far, Encountered a hurdle when solving the Command Line Argument program but we surpassed (Obviously) We were able to clone, pull and push on our shared repo, Exciting week ahead of Us Stima at His end ilipotea but tuko pamoja
